Add hidden and id properties (#1914)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: src/components/alert/alert.stories.mdx

      },
    },
    dismissable: {
      type: 'boolean',
      description: 'Adds a close button to the right of the message.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: false },
      },
    },
    icon: {
      options: [
        '',
        'bell',
        'check',
        'cloud-slash',
        'brands/github',
        'brands/twitter',
      ],
      type: 'string',
      description:
        'An option to add one of our [icons](/?path=/docs/design-icons--page).',
      control: {
        type: 'select',
      },
    },
    floating: {
      type: 'boolean',
      description: 'Adds a light border and shadow for a floating effect.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: false },
      },
    },
    tag_name: {
      type: 'string',
      description: 'The root element',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: 'div' },
      },
    },
    id: {
      type: 'string',
      description: 'Adds an `id` attribute to the root element',
    },
    hidden: {
      type: 'boolean',
      description: 'Adds a `hidden` attribute to the root element.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: false },
      },
    },
    role: {
      type: 'string',

>       description: 'Sets the `role` value on the root element.',

Author: ```suggestion
      description: 'Adds a `role` attribute on the root element.',
```

      description: 'Adds a close button to the right of the message.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: false },
      },
    },
    icon: {
      options: [
        '',
        'bell',
        'check',
        'cloud-slash',
        'brands/github',
        'brands/twitter',
      ],
      type: 'string',
      description:
        'An option to add one of our [icons](/?path=/docs/design-icons--page).',
      control: {
        type: 'select',
      },
    },
    floating: {
      type: 'boolean',
      description: 'Adds a light border and shadow for a floating effect.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: false },
      },
    },
    tag_name: {
      type: 'string',
      description: 'The root element',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: 'div' },
      },
    },
    id: {
      type: 'string',
      description: 'Adds an `id` attribute to the root element',
    },
    hidden: {
      type: 'boolean',
      description: 'Adds a `hidden` attribute to the root element.',
      table: {
        defaultValue: { summary: false },
      },
    },
    role: {
      type: 'string',
      description: 'Sets the `role` value on the root element.',

>       table: {
>         defaultValue: { summary: 'status' },
>       },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  </Story>
</Canvas>

> <ArgsTable story="Dismissable" />

Reviewer 2: I usually add one `ArgsTable` in docs view. I can't decide if I like having them for each story or if it's just noise. Would be curious what others think.

Author: @tylersticka Fair! I also wondered the same, the argument for keeping them that I made to myself was that it's nice to see the configuration of each story. 

If I were scanning the docs, I might think...

"Oh, this flavor of Alert is the one I need!"

"Oh, cool, I can see how it is configured so I can make sure I configure it in the same way" or "Nice, I can see how this is configured, I just want to tweak this one detail"

(tweaks option)

"Perfect! Now I know how to configure what I need"

> Would be curious what others think.

Me too. 🙂

Reviewer: I don't mind it too much

Reviewer 2: @gerardo-rodriguez I would leave the `ArgsTable` for the first (basic) example.
